Updated, modified and removed stale information from the Faucet docum… (#472)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/tools/gas/matic-faucet.md

Additionally, you can also receive Polygon zkEVM testnet ETH on Polygon Faucet.

!!! info

>       Tokens on testnet networks like Amoy, Sepolia & Cardona Testnet have no value as they are only used for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Tokens on testnet networks like Amoy, Sepolia & Cardona testnet have no value as they are only used for testing purposes.
```

We have listed several faucet tools you can use to receive MATIC testnet tokens, along with their usage guides, in the sections below:

- [Polygon faucet](https://faucet.polygon.technology/)

> - [Alchemy Polygon Amoy MATIC Faucet](https://www.alchemy.com/faucets/polygon-amoy)
> - [QuickNode Polygon Faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/polygon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Alchemy Polygon Amoy MATIC faucet](https://www.alchemy.com/faucets/polygon-amoy)
- [QuickNode Polygon faucet](https://faucet.quicknode.com/polygon)
```

   ![img](../../img/tools/gas/faucet.png)

- Select one of the blockchain testnet networks:
      - Polygon zkEVM (Cardona) testnet
      - Sepolia Ethereum testnet
      - Amoy Polygon PoS testnet

> - The type of tesnet token will automatically be reflected below network selection
>       - **zkEVM ETH** - Testnet ETH on the Cardona Testnet
>       - **MATIC Token** - Amoy and Sepolia networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the type of token you want to receive:
      - **zkEVM ETH** - testnet ETH on the Cardona testnet.
      - **MATIC token** - testnet MATIC on the Amoy and Sepolia testnets.
```
